Fix main explanation on views with joins (#537)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: docs/api.rst

Embedding Views containing Joins
--------------------------------

> On views that contain joins, PostgREST will infer the joined tables' foreign keys based on the source of the columns defined for the view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On views that contain joins, PostgREST will infer the joined tables' foreign keys based on the sources of the view columns.
```
